Version 1:

1. Remove the dinar system, and make the credits do everything in the economy. Instead of 200 dinars, two credits for a bookshelf. Update the 
/balance command accordingly, as well as the /store and /buy commands. Now the /richest command should be /hall_of_fame.
2. Make it so that the @reader role must be assigned by the moderators, so you don't automatically get to post when you buy a shelf.
You only get the Shelf Owner role, but not the reader role. Still, you can only create a thread in the #bookshelf if you got the reader role.
Make this clear in the welcome message, as well as the /help command. The help command should explain the basic functionality of the feedback and
economy system with the credits, and list the commands relevant to them. Modify the last line of /help with this: name: '👑 Staff Commands', 
                value: 'Use `/commands` to see the complete list of all available staff tools.', 
                inline: false 
3. I expect this to make the server's mechanics more straightforward, and make the code more robust, precise, error-proof, and logical. 
Please check for possible logical fallacies, and edge cases, and fix them, and make the code as clean as possible.

Version 2:

1. The bot doesn't send the welcome message into the #welcome channel.
2. If someone leaves the server, all their progress should reset itself.
3. Remove the functionality where you have to be Level 5 to give feedback, because on the server,
the #bookshelf forum only becomes visible when members reach Level 5.
4. You shouldn't be able to post into the #bookshelf, unless you have the @reader role, which is assigned by the moderators. Members also don't have
to contact the moderators for it, the moderators will check by themselves if the feedback given if sufficient, and if it is, they will give the
member the reader role.
5. Make the shelf cost one credit, and the first chapter you post under you thread in the #bookshelf cost one credit as well(so the bot
should sense when someone uses /post_chapter, and subtract a credit from their balance. each subsequent use of the post_chapter command subtracts
one more credit from the member's balance
6. The /balance command should show the total credits, as well as the monthly credits(but not in the x/2 format, simply the number of
feedbacks in the current month should be enough), as well as the current credit balance. and then a separate indicator if the user gave at least
two feedbacks a month, then "monthly quota fulfilled",
if not, then "monthly quota unfulfilled". It also shouldn't show the credits remaining to post a chapter, because it should be obvious from the
current credit balance.
7. The hall of fame should only show the top 10.

Version 3:

1. It still doesn't welcome joining users in the #welcome channels wit the welcome message. That is very important.
2. I said reset all progress of a user, including credits and everything when they are kicked, banned, or leave the server,
yet it doesn't get reset.
3. For some reason, the /balance command doesn't work, and gives this error message: An Unforeseen Complication
I regret that an unforeseen complication has arisen while processing your request. Perhaps you might try again,
or seek assistance from our esteemed staff?
4. Also, now something is very wrong, because now new users just create a thread under the #bookshelf forum on a whim,
when I made it clear that they can only do this, if they have the reader role assigned to them by the moderators,
otherwise they can't.
5. The post_chapter command doesn't work either, and it says "An Unforeseen Complication
I regret that an unforeseen complication has arisen while processing your request. 
Perhaps you might try again, or seek assistance from our esteemed staff?". This command can only be used by the OP of 
the #bookshelf thread, others can't use it, by the way! and it can only be used under a #bookshelf thread.

Version 4:

1. Now at least the bot welcomes the user, but it welcomes them in #general instead of #welcome. Also, 
the welcome message should use # links to the channels.
2. Omit the functionality that checks if the introductions follow the rules. I don't need the bot to do that.
3. When a member reads the server and rejoins, they still retain all their credits for some reason, which should not be the case.
They should lose everything upon leaving the server and rejoining.
4. For a member who already has the reader role, the balance message says "Shelf Owner role acquired - reader role needed from staff", 
sp the message is worded wrong, and needs to be different in this particular case.
5. The feedback_remove should only manipulate the current credit balance. The command doesn't 
even work, because the balance still shows the same amount of credit after a moderators calls the remove comment to remove some.
6. Whatever changes I make, it's very important to integrate it seamlessly into the code so that everything works properly and the
commands and text boxes synergize well with each other. Don't create any unnecessary complexity or redundancy in the code.

Version 5:

1. For completely new users the balance should say for the Post Status "Need 2 more credits to qualify for purchase"
2. I don't know why it is so freaking hard to welcome the joining members in the #welcome channel. In the previous version, 
the welcome embed appeared correctly, only in the wrong channel, #general, but now it doesn't appear again. MAKE IT APPEAR IN
#welcome
3. With the feedback command, the Previous Balance and Current Balance indicators are buggy, because they both show 0, even
when they shouldn't, and the command still doesn't work in general, because it doesn't remove the credit, because after 
feedback_remove is called, the balance command still shows the same amount as before the remove command was called.

In the code:

1. Check for the term "literary community" in the code, and cut back on it.
2. Check for "5+" and "1+" and delete the pluses.
3. "Staff will review and assign reader role when ready" reword this message, and use @reader terminology.





